Kanban is japanes word
It means a bill board or information board.
It is a work flow management to define, manage,improve services to deliver work.
It helps on visualize work,maximize efficiency & improve continuosly
It is started with Originating from manufacturing now it improved Agile software development teams
It is using across various industries

1)Visualize the WorkFlow:
 In order for the visualization to be the most effective, it should show -
 --> Where in the process a team working on a service agrees to do a specific work item.
 --> Where the team delivers the work item to a customer.
 --> Policies that determine what work should exist in a particular stage.
 --> Work in Progress limits(WIP)
2) Limit Work in Progress(WIP):
  And use those limits to guide when to start new items.
  It will tell when to start new work.First need to complete current work and then goto next work item.
 --> Smooth out the flow of Work
 --> Reduce lead times
 --> Improve Quality
 --> Delive more frequently
3) Manage Flow:
  A kanban system help you work flow by highlighting the various stages of work flow and status of the work in each stage.
  It helps your team to analyze the system and make adjustment to improve work flow and time it takes to complete each piece of work
  Flow of work in service will
  --> Maximize value delivery
  --> Minimize lead times
  --> As predictable as possible
  Team use empirical control through transperency,insepection and in order to balanceing these pottential goals.
  Key aspect of managing flow is identifing and addressing blockers.
4) Make process Policies Explicit:
  you can't improve something you don't understand.
  There for your process could be clearly defined published and socialized
  People would not associate and take part in something they do not believe would be useful.
  When every one is familiour with common goals they would be able to work and make decessions regaring positive impact.
  Distributed,Visible,Well-defined,Subject to change,work policies has power to boost people self orgnaization.
5) Take feedback:
  Take feed back at the end of the day. The most important entity for any business is the Client.
  So implement an effective feedback system is extremly important.
  The idea of getting feedback early,expecially you are on the wrong track with your work is crussial to deliver the right work.
  The right product or service to customer in shortest possible time.Feed back loops are critical to ensuring that.
6) Improve collaboratively, evolve experimentally:
   The way to achieve continious improvement and sustainable change with in an organization is through collaboratively implementing changes based on 
   Scientifically proven methods,feedback & metrics.
   Cultivating and organizational culture where every hypothesis is proven to have positive or negative results is crussial for developing mindset focus on improvment through evolutionary change
		Benfites of Kanban
               =====================
1)Identifying issues:
  Important practise of kanban is to limit the work in progress.
  Setting work in progress to you team highlight any barriers in your improvment process.
  Which could be because of lack of focus resources or techniques.
2) Flexibility:
  Unlike other frameworks Kanban isn't restrictive.
  There are no definite phase durations & prefereneces are based on the most recent data.
  These makes it fit for teams & any organizations to use a kanban board to Collabarate document work & track the work progress.
3) It can save time :
  As part of agile practise implementing kanban board will allow you your team to improve throught the developement process.
  By using shared visul maanagement tool each team member can see all activites in the project process and any issues appear the transparency to be fixed quickly.
  These negatively allow enough time and resources to free to continue providing a high-quality product or service.
4) It Empowers teams:
  Every team member involved in the project can access kanban board every one shared responsibility to ensure work smooth along the board property.
  And eventully reach the done column.
  Having these type of responsibilites with team members can faster communication and collaboration builds.
5) Balance Productivity:
  By sticking to the basic practise of Kanban limiting the amount of work in progress can keep work as consuming time on menial tasks.
  The visualization of workflow can ensure even streams of productivity.
6) Increased Customer Satisfacation :
   The origin of the Kanban method _ The pull system it is based on implies that work done when there is a demand.
   By introducing work in progress limits to the process you will ensure that the end result is fine-tuned to your customers expectations
Little's Law 5 Assumptions:
---------------------------
Measuring units for the three mattresses in the formula should be consistent.

Average arrival rate should be equal to the average departure rate throughput.

WIP should be almost the same at the beginning and at the end of the chosen interval.

All work that will enters the process will also exit the process 

Average age of WIP should remain the same.

Cumulative Flow Diagrom:
---------------------------
--> Tracks progress for Agile Teams.
--> Shows state of WIP & Project pace.
--> Help Identify potential risks & bottlenecks to be on track.
--> Help identify lead time, Cycle time, Throughput & Work in progress.

